# Board Meeting

Board meeting protocol for IT-Gården.   
Organisation number: 802521-1387   
Date: 2020-12-9   
Time: 18:00  
Location: Zoom  


## § 1 Opening
Marcus welcomed everybody and meeting was opened.


## § 2 Attendance
Marcus Mueller
Ruslan Abdulin
Amata Anantaprayoon
Haneen Mohialdeen
Fartun Jama

## § 3 Appoint meeting secretary

Ruslan was appointed secretary for the meeting.


## § 5 Review of Previous Agenda

## § 4 Approval of Agenda

Agenda was approved.



## § 6 Discharge from liability for the financial year
During our annual meeting (årsmöte) for 2019, held 2020-06-09, we did not discharge the previous board from liability for the 2019 financial year. The miss was do to having used another organisation's meeting protocol as template.

- A new section, after the annual and management report, has been added in the annual meeting template; to make sure it's not missed again.

- As we've now gotten response from skatteverket, and confirmed that we have more taxes to pay than previously thought, the miss to discharge was probably a good thing. We've now created accurate reports and budgets for 2019 and 2020.

_Personal note (Marcus Mueller): [Here](https://www.skatteverket.se/foretagochorganisationer/foreningar/ideellforening/inkomstersomkanvaraskattefriaienideellforening.4.70ac421612e2a997f85800028681.html) and [here](https://www.skatteverket.se/foretagochorganisationer/foreningar/ideellforening/villkorforattvaraenallmannyttigideellforening.4.70ac421612e2a997f85800029958.html) are the texts and reasons leading to the mistake of thinking an organisation such as IT-Gården does not have to pay taxes on salaries. This only covers income, and not expenses. Apparently, for expenses, this exception only applies to non-profit [sport organisations](https://www4.skatteverket.se/rattsligvagledning/edition/2020.9/1330.html). I'm currently contacting a local member of parliament to ask him/her create a motion on the matter. As I believe this needs to change to make it easier for more people to do good for our society_

- As current Auditor is the previous vice-president, it would be best to find someone more impartial. We will search for a new auditor among economy students. After a new audit we'll have an extra meeting for all members, to report the financial year of 2019, and then vote on discharge.


## $ 7 Budgets 2019 & 2020

- Fixing taxes/income: 
 - We're writing a "Innovationlab offer document" together with LNU, VSP and Kodkollektivet. When finished, schools and companies will the shown these options and start booking activities/workshops.

- Our cooperation with LNU (Department of Computer Science and Media Technology) continues, where we get hired to help with EduTech projects.


## $ 8 Register as Employer
We need to look up what exactly needs to be done and get registered. This adds a lot of administration time, and regulations are basically pushing us towards running this non-profit as any other company; which was never the plan.
[Register as employer](https://www.skatteverket.se/foretagochorganisationer/arbetsgivare/arbetsgivarregistrering/registreradig.4.18e1b10334ebe8bc80003496.html)


## $ 9 Lowering salaries for leaders
As we now know we have to pay all the taxes payed as an employer, our previous 143kr/hour (thought to be 100kr/hour after "normal" taxes) will be a problem; as event budgets are not high enough yet.

- For the summer camp, we had to set salary at 100kr/hour due to the low budget that we ended up having (which was not known before we started, as with Covid we first thought there would be no camp this year.)

- 140kr/hour seems to be current salary for Teacher Assistants at LNU, so I would like ITG to have the same salaray for leaders, but for now I purpose one that is just below.

- VOTE PROPOSAL: decrease in salary, down to 130kr/hour (before "normal" taxes)
*For/Against/Abstain*
  - result: 5 for /0 against / 0 abstained


## § 10 IoT Growhouse
We are helping out a micro:bit IoT project, to build a prototype of a growhouse that schools will use to learn IoT and microcontrollers.

As David that recently joined KK have the experience to build such things, he will thorugh ITG help doing so. Marcus will set up the IoT part with the help of Ruslan's expertice in the area.


## § 11 Current situation
This year was at first building up towards great things to happen, as we had a meeting with many of the bosses from "Kultur & Fritidsnämnden" (municipality) and VSP; as they all like what we're accomplishing. This and other things/meetings came to a halt as the Covid situation escalated. When time allows, it will all be set in motion again.

We have shown, with all our work and hosted events, that there is an interest from the people to see an organisation such as ITG to grow bigger and more active. The feedback from participants have been good, and they are asking for more.


## § 12 Other Points
- Reminder: Marcus has some personal news
- Create an ITG channel inside of KK Discord
 - Marcus will do it

## §  Adjournment
Meeting was adjourned.
